{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh9600\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Undertext for Mac OS X
\b0\fs24 \
\
Application for downloading subtitles for your movies and tv episodes using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.opensubtitles.org"}}{\fldrslt OpenSubtitles.org}}.\
\
The searching is done by calculating a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_function"}}{\fldrslt hash value}} for every movie file and then looking in OpenSubtitles.org's database for matching subtitles. This way you find matching subtitles quickly and can be sure they'll be correctly sync'ed with the video.\
\
Undertext is made for Mac OS X using it's Cocoa so it integrates very well with the system. It is very simple and intuitive to use and install. Compared to using the web browser this is a very quick and comfortable way to get your subtitles.\
\

\b Website:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/undertext"}}{\fldrslt http://code.google.com/p/undertext}}. There you can find downloads, get the source code, submit bugs, suggest new features and get more information.\
\
This app wouldn't be possible without OpenSubtitles.org. Thanks!\
\

\b\fs28 Requirements
\b0\fs24 \
\
 * Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard\
 * For developing: Xcode 3 and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brandonwalkin.com/bwtoolkit"}}{\fldrslt BWToolkit}}, which is a plugin for Interface Builder.\
\

\b\fs28 Installation
\b0\fs24 \
\
Download the latest version from the website or build from source using Xcode. Mount the dmg-file by opening it and copy the bundled 
\f1\fs26 .app
\f0\fs24  into your Applications-folder.\
\

\b\fs28 Usage
\b0\fs24 \
\
Drag & drop movie files and folders to Undertext.app and it'll launch to search for subtitles. You can also use "Open..." in the application menu after the application has started. Select the subtitles you want to download in the list of results and click "Download selected". Voil\'e0!\
\

\b\fs28 Bugs, Feature Requests and Feedback
\b0\fs24 \
\
Nothing makes me more happy to know that people use the software I make. What's good, what's bad? I am 
\i very
\i0  thankful for both bug reports and feature requests. Drop me an email or file a new isssue on the website and I'll get back to you.\
\
New issue: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/undertext/issues/entry"}}{\fldrslt http://code.google.com/p/undertext/issues/entry}}\
\

\b\fs28 Copyright and License
\b0\fs24 \
\
Copyright (c) 2009 Johan Lundstr\'f6m. Released as open source under the BSD license, see License.rtf and Acknowledgments.rtf for details.}