#summary Ideas and planned features for future versions.

To anyone who's interested I have set this page up to give an idea of what I want and plan to do with Undertext. This is sort of a brainstorming page. Any items here might also get added to [http://code.google.com/p/undertext/issues/list the list of issues]. Comments and suggestions on this page are welcome.

== Version 1.1 ==

=== Planned: ===

 * don't overwrite existing files in #downloadSelected. why: user might loose important files
 * better error messages

 * change look of appcast release notes
 * add to software catalogs. list: http://grandperspectiv.sourceforge.net/. why: promote!
 * screencast to introduce to new users and promote

=== Done: ===

 * Bug: Selecting a language in the dropdown before a search wouldn't filter correctly
 * Bug: The app would crash (silently) if a connection error would occur during startup, search or download. Now a dialog will get shown and a reconnect menu item is in the application menu.
 * Existing entries in the result table will be kept when doing multiple searches
 * Added sorting functionality to result table.
 * Added a right click menu for the result table with some useful actions.
 * Now the small info window will, except for subtitle info, also display info for video files and the !OpenSubtitles.org server and website.
 * Will appear to start faster because windows get shown earlier
 * Bug: Couldn't close and then reopen windows
 * Add a preference window with settings for !OpenSubtitles.org accounts
 * Bug: Progress indicator wouldn't always hide after a download
 * Switched XMLRPC library to one written in Objective-C
 * Update to new API URL.
 * Always suffix subtitle file names with language code.
 * Undertext will appear in the list when using "Open With" in Finder.

== Future releases and ideas ==

*These are ordered by importance, size, work done, impact, severity, how they're related and other properties. Will perhaps add some notes or headlines about this later.*

 * use NSEventLoop for XMLRPC calling. use XMLRPC lib's delegate methods. why: no UI locking. opens up possibility for better error feedback
 * better error handling and feedback when OSDB returns error-result, result["status"]

 * automatic background search for "watched" folders. depends on feature below this one. why: see ticket on Google Code
 * new setting: automatic download toggle. it automatically chooses "best" subtitle and downloads directly. see SolEol. why: it's faster for the user
 * new setting: definition of "best" sub (rating, dls, etc)

 * RAR-support for movie hashing. why: some people watch movies without unrar-ing them first, for example in VLC and XBMC

 * begin upload functionality for subtitles

 * expand all items in outline view as default. perhaps add NSTableView#sizeLastColumnToFit. why: easier to scroll and filter than to expand all items one by one
 * drag & drop to outline view. why: more ways to add movies to outline view
 * language column in outline view should include flag. why: easier for the eye to scan
 * find already downloaded subs and set enabled = false. subhash is md5 of contents, create SubtitleOffline. why: easier to choose subtitle and see which one you currently got
 * app icon. http://www.flickr.com/photos/herminutomo/1282517815/in/set-72157601782768947/
 * i18n. translate app into different languages. provide swedish as an example for others. automatically detect and choose language
 * quicklook (look in Transmission for how to). why: good for previewing downloaded subtitles
 * save user defaults: language dropdown and perhaps sort descs
 * log out before quitting program
 * new setting: select available languages in dropdown. perhaps add special item in dropdown for only selected items, like Subdownloader. why: a user is probably always interested in only the same 1-3 languages
 * in dropdown, show only languages that are in search result. why: gives faster overview of what the search result contains and removes unnecessary languages
 * interact with subs, like rating and reporting bad sub (unsynced). other features using the different XMLRPC methods. why: user can help others if he/she detects a bad sub

 * bug: error during open files means a search for those files won't ever get done because search isn't called in reconnect
 * weird behavior: selection when sorting should be updated to select correct ones or alternatively removed
 * bug: info window won't be updated when sorting in outline. note: probably fixed same time as one above
 * login session (should) expire after 15 mins. call "NoOperation" to prevent. why: some people will keep the app open for a long time. leads to crashes? verify!
 * bug: not logging out before reconnecting will return "200 OK" and same token even if new password or new username is wrong
 * bug: sometimes table won't get sorted (using sort descriptors) correctly when a connection error occurs. reproduce and verify!
 * handle errors for file IO. For example check "File.readable?". why: in rare cases file IO fails
 * error handling when app crashes. don't quit silently! use Limechat error reporter? why: very confusing when it just quits without any indication to why
 * weird behavior: with multiple rows selected in outline open/reveal etc in context menu will only do the action for one
 * weird behavior: perhaps change bevior of check all, check only selected etc together with language filtering. investigate what's weird!
 * weird behavior: small quirks because of changed behavior for right click in outline view
 * new setting: Sparkle update settings. look at other apps for example Transmission
 * refactoring in general. perhaps extract SearchController from AppController

=== Other: ===

 * testing
 * macruby
 * nicer preference window (like in Apple Interface Guidelines with icons, tabs etc)