{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww10040\viewh9860\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Readme
\b0\fs24 \
\
Undertext is a desktop application for downloading subtitles for video files quickly and easily. It searches {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.opensubtitles.org"}}{\fldrslt OpenSubtitles.org}}'s database through it's XMLRPC API. Matching subtitles are found by calculating a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hash_function"}}{\fldrslt hash value}} for the user's video file and then looking it up in OpenSubtitles.org's database. This way one can be sure that the subtitles found are intended to be used with video file in question.\
\
It's made for Mac OS X using Cocoa and implemented in Ruby. A list of third-party components used in the making of this application can be found in Acknowledgments.rtf.\
\

\b Website:
\b0  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/undertext"}}{\fldrslt http://code.google.com/p/undertext}}. There you can find downloads, get the latest source code from SVN, submit bugs, suggest new features and more. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://trac.opensubtitles.org/projects/opensubtitles"}}{\fldrslt OpenSubtitles.org's Trac}} is also a good resource.\
\
This app wouldn't be possible without OpenSubtitles.org. Thanks!\
\

\b\fs28 Requirements for development
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Mac OS X 10.5 Leopard or newer, which comes with:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}SVN\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Ruby 1.8 and RubyCocoa\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Xcode 3 with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.brandonwalkin.com/bwtoolkit"}}{\fldrslt BWToolkit}}, a plugin for Interface Builder\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 Building
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 If the above requirements are satisfied it should just be 
\f1 rake build
\f0  in the terminal or by using Xcode directly.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 Bugs, Feature Requests and Feedback
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 I am very thankful for both bug reports and feature requests. Please open a new isssue on the website and I'll get back to you.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b\fs28 Copyright and License
\b0\fs24 \
\
Copyright (c) 2009 Johan Lundstr\'f6m. Released as open source under the BSD license, see License.rtf and Acknowledgments.rtf for details.}